---
layout: default
title: 2013 reading list
permalink: /books/2013.html
---

# 2013 reading list

**January**

1. _Art & Revolution_ - John Berger
2. _Green is the New Red_ - Will Potter
3. _Soul on Ice_ - Eldridge Cleaver
4. _The Classroom and the Cell_ - Mumia abu-Jamal and Marc Lamont Hill
5. _The Souls of Black Folk_ - W.E.B. DuBois
6. _Discourse on Method_ - Rene Descartes
7. _Meditations on First Philosophy_ - Rene Descartes
8. _America_ - Jean Baudrillard

    **February**

9. _Mother Jones_ - Elliot Gorn
10. _Lenin and Philosophy and Other Essays_ - Louis Althusser

    **March**

11. _If They Come in the Morning_ - Angela Davis
12. _The Mouse that Roared_ - Henry Giroux and Grace Pollock
13. _Walt Disney_ - Neil Gabler
14. _Evil in Modern Thought_ - Susan Neiman
15. _The Dispossessed_ - Ursula LeGuin
16. _Brotherhoods of Color_ - Eric Arnesen
17. _Their Morals and Ours_ - Leon Trotsky
18. _Blood in My Eye_ - George Jackson
19. _Candide_ - Voltaire

    **April**

20. _Eichmann in Jerusalem_ - Hannah Arendt
21. _Rosencrantz & Guildenstern are Dead_ - Tom Stoppard
22. _The Little Scheme_ - Daniel Friedman and Matthias Felleisen
23. _Monadology_ - Leibniz
24. _Soledad Brother_ - George Jackson
25. _To Die for the People_ - Huey Newton
26. _Beyond the Fields_ - Randy Shaw
27. _Caligula and Three Other Plays_ - Albert Camus

    **May**

28. _The Brothers Karamazov_ - Fyodor Dostoevsky
29. _Abolition Now!_ - CR10 Collective
30. _The Chomsky-Foucault Debate_ - Noam Chomsky and Michel Foucault
31. _Calvin & Hobbes_ - Bill Watterson
32. _The Prince_ - Machiavelli

    **June**

33. _Discourse on Inequality_ - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
34. _The Dead Father_ - Donald Barthelme
35. _Snow White_ - Donald Barthelme
36. _Paradise_ - Donald Barthelme
37. _Notes from the Underground_ - Fyodor Dostoevsky
38. _Origins of the Modern World_ - Robert Marks

    **July**

39. _The Death of Ivan Ilyich_ - Leo Tolstoy
40. _Marat/Sade_ - Peter Weiss
41. _Heart of Darkness_ - Joseph Conrad
42. _The Revolutionary Ideas of Karl Marx_ - Alex Callinicos
43. _The Beast in the Jungle_ - Henry James
44. _Marxism: For and Against_ - Robert Heilbroner
45. _The Metamorhposis_ - Franz Kafka

    **August**

46. _The Philosophy of Marx_ - Etienne Balibar
47. _Abel Sanchez_ - Miguel de Unamuno
48. _Moral Theory_ - Mark Timmons
49. _The Value of Radical Theory_ - Wayne Price
50. _The Lost Weekend_ - Charles Jackson
51. _Communist Manifesto_ - Marx and Engels

    **September**

52. _White Out_ - Michael Clune
53. _Group Psychology and the Analysis of the Ego_ - Sigmund Freud
54. _The Presocratics_ - edited by Philip Wheelwright
55. _Responsibility for Justice_ - Iris Marion Young
56. _The Threepenny Opera_ - Bertolt Brecht
57. _Mother Courage and Her Children_ - Bertolt Brecht
58. _The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui_ - Bertolt Brecht
59. _Arab-Islamic Philosophy: A Contemporary Critique_ - Mohammed al-Jabri
60. _My Face is Black is True_ - Mary Frances Berry

    **October**

61. _To 'Joy My Freedom_ - Tera Hunter
62. _The Caucasian Chalk Circle_ - Bertolt Brecht
63. _Life of Galileo_ - Bertolt Brecht
64. _When Africa Awakes_ - Hubert Henry Harrison
65. _Gravity's Rainbow_ - Thomas Pynchon
66. _Republic_ - Plato
67. _Hamletmachine and Other Texts for the Stage_ - Heiner Muller
68. _One-Dimensional Man_ - Herbert Marcuse
69. _Homage to Catalonia_ - George Orwell

    **November**

70. _How Colonialism Preempted Modernity in Africa_ - Olufemi Taiwo
71. _The Revolution and the Civil War in Spain_ - Pierre Broue and Emile Temime
72. _The Aesthetic Dimension_ - Herbert Marcuse
73. _Love Goes to Buildings on Fire_ - Will Herbes
74. _Teaching Rebellion_ - edited by Diana Denham and C.A.S.A. Collective

    **December**

75. _A Leftist Ontology_ - edited by Carsten Stratausen
76. _The Origins of Postmodernity_ - Perry Anderson
77. _The Man Without Qualities_ - Robert Musil
78. _Celebrate People's History_ - edited by Josh MacPhee
79. _Mo Meta Blues_ - ?uestlove
