---
layout: default
title: 2014 reading list
permalink: /books/2014.html
---

# 2014 reading list

**January**

1. _Forty Stories_ - Donald Barthelme
2. _Love and Struggle_ - David Gilbert
3. _The Adventures of Tom Sawyer_ - Mark Twain
4. _Economic and Philosophic Manuscripts of 1844_ - Karl Marx
5. _The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn_ - Mark Twain
6. _Pedagogy of the Oppressed_ - Paulo Freire
7. _Go Tell it on the Mountain_ - James Baldwin
8. _The Old, Weird America_ - Greil Marcus
9. _From Marx to Mao Tse-Tung_ - George Thomson

    **February**

10. _Cartesian Meditations_ - Edmund Husserl
11. _Revolutionary Suicide_ - Huey Newton
12. _Seize the Time_ - Bobby Seale
13. _War Against the Panthers_ - Huey Newton
14. _Of Africa_ - Wole Soyinka

    **March**

15. _The History of Sexuality, Volume 1_ - Michel Foucault
16. _We Want Freedom_ - Mumia abu-Jamal
17. _A Taste of Power_ - Elaine Brown
18. _Society Must Be Defended_ - Michel Foucault

    **April**

19. _Being and Time_ - Martin Heidegger
20. _Look for Me in the Whirlwind_ - New York Panther 21
21. _Indecision_ - Benjamin Kunkel
22. _Don't Ask to Fight their Wars_ - Against Equality
23. _The Outsider_ - Richard Wright
24. _Capital, Volume 1_ - Karl Marx
25. _A Companion to Marx's_ Capital - David Harvey
26. _Homo Sacer_ - Giorgio Agamben

    **May**

27. _Invisible Man_ - Ralph Ellison
28. _The Comming Community_ - Giorgio Agamben
29. _Foucault, Politics, and Violence_ - Johanna Oksala
30. _Assata_ - Assata Shakur
31. _Power/Knowledge_ - Michel Foucault
32. _Foucault_ - Gilles Deleuze
33. _Hermeneutics and the Human Sciences_ - Paul Ricoeur
34. _Capitalist Realism_ - Mark Fisher
35. _Are Prisons Obsolete?_ - Angela Davis
36. _Problems of Moral Philosophy_ - Theodor Adorno
37. _Looking Backward_ - Edward Bellamy

    **June**

38. _Will You Die with Me?_ - Flores Forbes
39. _Fire Alarm_ - Michael Lowy
40. _Ficciones_ - Jorge Luis Borges
41. _Michel Foucault_ - Hubert Dreyfus and Paul Rabinow
42. _This Side of Glory_ - David Hilliard and Lewis Cole
43. _Panther Baby_ - Jamal Joseph
44. _Angela Davis: An Autobiography_ - Angela Davis
45. _Batman: The Dark Knight Returns_ - Frank Miller
46. _All-Star Superman_ - Grant Morrison
47. _I Shall Destroy All the Civilized Planets!_ - Fletcher Hanks
48. _Asterios Polyp_ - David Muzzcchelli
49. _Wittgenstein's Mistress_ - David Markson
50. _Labyrinths_ - Jorge Luis Borges

    **July**

51. _Collected Stories_ - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
52. _Marxism and Philosophy_ - Karl Korsch
53. _Collected Novellas_ - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
54. _Something Under the Bed is Drooling_ - Bill Watterson
55. _A Universal History of Infamy_ - Jorge Luis Borges
56. _Love in the Time of Cholera_ - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
57. _History and Class Consciousness_ - Georg Lukacs

    **August**

58. _My Antonia_ - Willa Cather
59. _The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte_ - Karl Marx
60. _Weirdos from Another Planet_ - Bill Watterson
61. _Existentialism is a Humanism_ - Jean-Paul Sartre
62. _For Marx_ - Louiss Althusser
63. _Psychotic Reactions and Carburetor Dung_ - Lester Bangs

    **September**

64. _Reading Capital_ - Louis Althusser
65. _The State and Revolution_ - V.I. Lenin
66. _Foucault's Pendulum_ - Umberto Eco
67. _The Gender of History_ - Bonnie Smith
68. _Science in Action_ - Bruno Latour
69. _A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius_ - Dave Eggers
70. _Discipline & Punish_ - Michel Foucault

    **October**

71. _To the Lighthouse_ - Virginia Woolf
72. _The End of San Francisco_ - Mattilda Bernstein Sycamore
73. _Sacco and Vanzetti_ - Harold Blumenfeld
74. _Antigone_ - Sophocles, Friedrich Holderlin, Bertolt Brecht, Judith Malina

    **November**

75. _Imagined Communities_ - Benedict Anderson
76. _Tropic of Orange_ - Karen Tei Yamashita
77. _Skinny Legs and All_ - Tom Robbins
78. _On Deep History and the Brain_ - Daniel Smail
79. _Debt: The First 5,000 Years_ - David Graeber
80. _Ceremony_ - Leslie Marmon Silko
81. _Mrs. Dalloway_ - Virginia Woolf

    **December**

82. _Mygale_ - Thierry Jonquet
83. _Orlando_ - Virginia Woolf
84. _House Made of Dawn_ - N. Scott Momaday
85. _Jazz_ - Toni Morrison
86. _Looking Awry_ - Slavoj Zizek
87. _Sweet Tooth, Book One_ - Jeff Lemire
88. _The Inconvenient Indian_ - Thomas King
89. _Undoing Border Imperialism_ - Harsha Walia
