---
layout: default
title: 2017 reading list
permalink: /books/2017.html
---

# 2018 reading list

**January**

1. _Born to Run_ - Bruce Springsteen
2. _That Winter the Wolf Came_ - Juliana Spahr
3. _Last Evenings on Earth_ - Roberto Bolano
4. _In Excess_ - Jean-Luc Marion
5. _The Body Problematic_ - Laura Hengehold
6. _Distant Star_ - Robert Bolano
7. _The Trial and Death of Socrates_ - Plato
8. _Hegel or Spinoza_ - Pierre Macherey

    **February**

9. _Unfinished Acts: January Rebellions_
10. _White Riot_ - edited by Stephen Duncombe and Maxwell Tremblay
11. _Discourse on the Origin of Inequality_ - Jean-Jacques Rousseau

    **March**

12. _Early Greek Thinking_ - Martin Heidegger
13. _Beloved_ - Toni Morrison
14. _The Racial Contract_ - Charles Mills

    **May**

15. _Wittgenstein's Mistress_ - David Markson
16. _Free Pizza for Life_ - Chris Clavin
17. _Literal Meaning_ - Francois Recanati
18. _An Introduction to Marxist Economic Theory_ - Ernest Mandel
19. _Imperialism_ - V.I. Lenin

    **June**

20. _The Iliad_ - Homer
21. _Eurocentrism_ - Samir Amin
22. _Capitalism in the Age of Globalization_ - Samir Amin
23. _The Making of Marx's_ Capital - Roman Rosdolsky
24. _Late Capitalism_ - Ernest Mandel
25. _The Odyssey_ - Homer

    **July**

26. _The Limits to Capital_ - David Harvey
27. _Adorno_ - Martin Jay
28. _Shake It Up_ - edited by Jonathan Lethem and Kevin Dettmar
29. _Adorno_ - Roger Foster
30. _Trotsky for Beginners_ - Tariq Ali and Phil Evans
31. _The Free-Lance Pallbearers_ - Ishmael Reed
32. _Yellow Back Radio Broke-Down_ - Ishmael Reed

    **August**

33. _The Record Store of the Mind_ - Josh Rosenthal
34. _Suder_ - Percival Everett
35. _Walk Me to the Distance_ - Percival Everett
36. _Civilization and its Discontents_ - Sigmund Freud
37. _God's Country_ - Percival Everett
38. _French Stories_ - edited by Wallace Fowlie

    **September**

39. _Beyond the Pleasure Principle_ - Sigmund Freud
40. _Frenzy_ - Percival Everett
41. _The Ego and the Id_ - Sigmund Freud
42. _Group Psychology and the Analysis of the Ego_ - Sigmund Freud
43. _Death and Mastery_ - Benjamin Fong

    **October**

44. _Watershed_ - Percival Everett
45. _Minima Moralia_ - Theodor Adorno
46. _Glyph_ - Percival Everett
47. _Wounded_ - Percival Everett

    **November**

48. _Black Skin, White Masks_ - Frantz Fanon
49. _Dark Deleuze_ - Andrew Culp
50. _The Water Cure_ - Percival Everett

    **December**

51. _Giving an Account of Oneself_ - Judith Butler
52. _Hotel World_ - Ali Smith
53. _10:04_ - Ben Lerner
54. _The Argonauts_ - Maggie Nelson
55. _A Small Place_ - Jamaica Kinkaid
