---
layout: default
title: 2018 reading list
permalink: /books/2018.html
---

# 2018 reading list

**January**

1. _So Much Blue_ - Percival Everett
2. _The Capitalist Schema_ - Christian Lotz
3. _Introduction to Logic_ - Irving Copi and Carl Cohen
4. _My Brilliant Friend_ - Elena Ferrante
5. _Freedom Dreams_ - Robyn D.G. Kelley
6. _The Story of a New Name_ - Elena Ferrante

    **February**

7. _Ghosts of My Life_ - Mark Fisher
8. _The End of Progress_ - Amy Allen
9. _Those Who Leave and Those Who Stay_ - Elena Ferrante
10. _Down with Childhood_ - Paul Rekret
11. _Alienation_ - Dan Swain
12. _The Story of the Lost Child_ - Elena Ferrante
13. _The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte_ - Karl Marx

    **March**

14. _Marx and Alienation_ - Sean Sayers
15. _Decolonizing Dialectics_ - George Ciccariello-Maher
16. _Historical Capitalism with Capitalist Civilization_ - Immanuel Wallerstein
17. _Invisible Cities_ - Italo Calvino
18. _Discourse on Colonialism_ - Aime Cesaire
19. _European Universalism_ - Immanuel Wallerstein
20. _The Flamethrowers_ - Rachel Kushner

    **April**

21. _What is to be Done?_ - Vladimir Lenin
22. _We Have Never Been Modern_ - Bruno Latour
23. _The Man of Reason_ - Genevieve Lloyd
24. _Twenty Theses on Politics_ - Enrique Dussel
25. _The Unseeen_ - Nanni Balestrini
26. _Bluets_ - Maggie Nelson
27. _Alienation and Affect_ - Warren TenHouten
28. _Leaving the Atocha Station_ - Ben Lerner
29. _Alienation_ - Rahel Jaeggi

    **May**

30. _Erasure_ - Percival Everett
31. _Conversations with Friends_ - Sally Rooney
32. _A History of the African-American People by Strom Thurmond_ - Percival Everett and James Kincaid
33. _I Am Not Sidney Poitier_ - Percival Everett
34. _Among the Thugs_ - Bill Buford
35. _The Idiot_ - Elif Batuman
36. _The Critique of Instrumental Reason from Weber to Habermas_ - Darrow Schechter
37. _Against Everything_ - Mark Greif

    **June**

38. _They Can't Kill Us Until They Kill Us_ - Hanif Abdurraqib
39. _Medieval Philosophy: A Very Short Introduction_ - John Marenbon
40. _Medieval Philosophy: A Beginner's Guide_ - Sharon Kaye
41. _Invisible Man_ - Ralph Ellison
42. _The Sublime Object of Ideology_ - Slavoj Zizek
43. _Open City_ - Teju Cole
44. _Early Medieval Philosophy_ - John Marenbon
45. _Problems of Knowledge_ - John Marenbon

    **July**

46. _Philosophy and the Mirror of Nature_ - Richard Rorty
47. _Ceremony_ - Leslie Marmon Silko
48. _Mistaken Identity_ - Asad Haider
49. _The Structure of Scientific Revolutions_ - Thomas Kuhn
50. _Later Medieval Philosophy_ - John Marenbon
51. _Mind and World_ - John McDowell

    **August**

52. _Imagining Otherwise_ - Andrew Cutrofello
53. _The Brothers Karamazov_ - Fyodor Dostoevsky
54. _I, Me, Mine_ - Beatrice Longuenesse
55. _Dalva_ - Jim Harrison

    **September**

56. _How to do Things with Words_ - J.L. Austin
57. _Marx, Capital, and the Madness of Economic Reason_ - David Harvey
58. _German for Reading_ - Karl Sandberg and John Wendel
59. _The Concept of the Political_ - Carl Schmitt
60. _Empiricism and the Philosophy of Mind_ - Wilfrid Sellars
61. _Knowledge, Mind, and the Given_ - Willem deVries and Timm Triplett
62. _The Metaphysical Club_ - Louis Menand
63. _Mrs. Dalloway_ - Virginia Woolf
64. _Cultural Software_ - J.M. Balkin

    **October**

65. _The Cost-Benefit Revolution_ - Cass Sunstein
66. _Nudge_ - Cass Sunstein and Richard Thaler
67. _To the Lighthouse_ - Virginia Woolf
68. _Law, Pragmatism and Democracy_ - Richard Posner
69. _Tragic Choices_ - Guido Calabresi and Philip Bobbitt
70. _Moral Consciousness and Communicative Action_ - Jurgen Habermas
71. _The Public and Its Problems_ - John Dewey

    **November**

72. _Pride and Prejudice_ - Jane Austen
73. _Confessions of the Fox_ - Jordy Rosenberg
74. _Pragmatism: From Peirce to Dewey_ - John Murphy
75. _Undoing the Demos_ - Wendy Brown
