---
layout: default
title: 2019 reading list
permalink: /books/2019.html
---

# 2019 reading list

**January**

1. _The Undercommons_ - Stefano Harney and Fred Moten
2. _There's No Such Thing as "The Economy"_ - Samuel Chambers
3. _Middlemarch_ - George Eliot
4. _Wobblies! A Graphic History of the IWW_ - Paul Buhle and Nicole Schuman
5. _Snow White_ - Donald Barthelme
6. _Learning Good Consent_ - edited by Cindy Crabb
7. _Six Easy Pieces_ - Richard Feynman
8. _Seven Brief Lessons on Physics_ - Carlo Rovelli
9. _Mathematics and the Roots of Postmodern Thought_ - Vladimir Tasic
10. _The City and the City_ - China Mieville
11. _Democracy in Whate State?_ - Giorgio Agamben, et al
12. _Jonny Appleseed_ - Joshua Whitehead
13. _A People's History of the Russian Revolution_ - Neil Faulkner

    **February**

14. _My Bondage and My Freedom_ - Frederick Douglass
15. _Ten Days that Shook the World_ - John Reed
16. _Scenes of Subjection_ - Saidiya Hartman
17. _The Fragility of Goodness_ - Martha Nussbaum
18. _The Undiscovered Dewey_ - Melvin Rogers
19. _After Virtue_ - Alasdair MacIntyre
20. _Black Reconstruction in America_ - W.E.B. DuBois

    **March**

21. _Alchemies of the Mind_ - Jon Elster
22. _The Black Jacobins_ - CLR James
23. _Community and Civil Society_ - Ferdinand Tonnies
24. _Decolonizing Universalism_ - Serene Khader
25. _Passage through Armageddon_ - W. Bruce Lincoln

    **April**

26. _October_ - China Mieville
27. _The Queue_ - Basma Abdel Aziz
28. _Scales of Justice_ - Nancy Fraser
29. _Fortunes of Feminism_ - Nancy Fraser
30. _A Beautiful Young Woman_ - Julian Lopez
31. _Black Marxism_ - Cedric Robinson
32. _The Division of Labor in Society_ - Emile Durkheim
33. _Morality_ - Bernard Williams
34. _The Kingdom of this World_ - Alejo Carpentier
35. _Glaxo_ - Hernan Ronsino
36. _Moral Luck_ - Bernard Williams

    **May**

37. _The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism_ - Max Weber
38. _The Fox from Up Above and the Fox from Down Below_ - Jose Maria Arguedas
39. _Problems of the Self_ - Bernard Williams
40. _Re:Cyclists_ - Michael Hutchinson
41. _Last Evenings on Earth_ - Roberto Bolano
42. _Feminism for the 99%_ - Cincia Arruzza, Tithi Bhattacharya, Nancy Fraser
43. _Distant Star_ - Robert Bolano

    **June**

44. _The Coming Insurrection_ - The Invisible Committee
45. _Capitalism_ - Nancy Fraser and Rahel Jaeggi
46. _The Sociological Imagination_ - Nancy Fraser and Rahel Jaeggi
47. _On Bullshit_ - Harry Frankfurt
48. _The Value of Everything_ - Mariana Mazzucato
49. _The Savage Detectives_ - Roberto Bolano

    **July**

50. _Oppression and Liberty_ - Simone Weil
51. _By Night in Chile_ - Roberto Bolano
52. _The Structural Transformation of the Public Sphere_ - Jurgen Habermas
53. _Macbeth_ - Shakespeare
54. _King Lear_ - Shakespeare

    **August**

55. _2666_ - Roberto Bolano
56. _Outline of a Theory of Practice_ - Pierre Bourdieu
57. _An Essay on Marxian Economics_ - Joan Robinson
58. _The Law of Worldwide Value_ - Samir Amin
59. _The Theory of Capitalist Development_ - Paul Sweezy 

    **September**

60. _Othello_ - Shakespeare 
61. _Theories of Value and Distribution_ - Maurice Dobb 
62. _Dialectic of Enlightenment_ - Max Horkheimer and Theodor Adorno
63. _The Theory of Communicative Action, Volume One_ - Jurgen Habermas
64. _Hamlet_ - Shakespeare 

    **October**

65. _The Story of My Teeth_ - Valeria Luiselli
66. _The Invention of the Americas_ - Enrique Dussel
67. _Economic Methodology: An Historical Introduction_ - Harro Maas
68. _The Theory of Communicative Action, Volume Two_ - Jurgen Habermas

    **November**

69. _Caliban and the Witch_ - Silvia Federici
70. _Habermas: A Very Short Introduction_ - James Gordon Finlayson
71. _Habermas_ - Kenneth Baynes
72. _Modern Imperialism, Monopoly Finance Capital, and Marx's Law of Value_ - Samir Amin

    **December**

73. _On Immunity_ - Eula Biss
74. _How Europe Underdeveloped Africa_ - Walter Rodney
75. _From Political Economy to Economics_ - Ben Fine and Dmitris Milonakis
76. _Stoner_ - John Williams
77. _The Politics of Our Selves_ - Amy Allen
78. _Hinterland_ - Phil Neel
79. _Democracy and the Political Unconscious_ - Noelle McAfee
