---
layout: default
title: 2022 reading list
permalink: /books/2022.html
---

# 2022 reading list

**January**

1. _Soccer Empire_ - Laurent Dubois
2. _Adorno and Existence_ - Peter Gordon
3. _Accounting for Capitalism_ - Michael Zakim
4. _Marx's Theory of Alienation_ - Istvan Meszaros
5. _Wittgenstein's Vienna_ - Allan Janik and Stephen Toulmin
6. _Alienation_ - Bertell Ollman
7. _The Illiad_ - Homer

    **February**

8. _The World Turned Upside Down_ - Christopher Hill

    **March**

9. _The Man Without Qualities_ - Robert Musil
10. _From Manual WOrkers to Wage Laborers_ - Robert Castel
11. _Soccer in Sun and Shadow_ - Eduardo Galeano
12. _Time is the Thing a Body Moves Through_ - T Fleischmann

    **April**

13. _The Odyssey_ - Homer
14. _The Ball is Round_ - David Goldblatt
15. _The Georgics_ - Virgil
16. _Bang the Drum Slowly_ - Mark Harris

    **May**

17. _Palmares_ - Gayl Jones
18. _SPQR_ - Mary Beard

    **June**

19. _The Women of Troy_ - Pat Barker
20. _How to Kidnap the Rich_ - Rahul Raina
21. _Cloud Cuckoo Land_ - Anthony Doerr
22. _In the Wake of the Plague_ - Norman Cantor
23. _Harlem Shuffle_ - Colson Whitehead

    **July**

24. _Matrix_ - Lauren Groff
25. _The Embodied Mind_ - Varela, Thompson, Rosch
26. _1Q84_ - Haruki Murakami
27. _The Aeneid_ - Virgil

    **August**

28. _A Brief History of Commercial Capitalism_ - Jairus Banaji
29. _Kafka on the Shore_ - Haruki Murakami
30. _Telephone_ - Percival Everett
31. _The Netanyahus_ - Joshua Cohen
32. _Marxist History-Writing for the Twenty-First Century_ - edited by Chris Wickham
33. _Moving Kings_ - Joshua Cohen

    **September**

34. _Monkey Boy_ - Francisco Goldberg
35. _The Golden Compass_ - Philip Pullman

    **October**

36. _The Subtle Knife_ - Philip Pullman
37. _The Amber Spyglass_ - Philip Pullman
38. _The Ring Goes South_ - J.R.R. Tolkien

    **November**

39. _The Treason of Isengard_ - J.R.R. Tolkien
40. _The Ring Goes East_ - J.R.R. Tolkien
41. _The War of the Ring_ - J.R.R. Tolkien
42. _The End of the Third Age_ - J.R.R. Tolkien
43. _The Divine Comedy_ - Dante
44. _The Confession of a Child of the Century_ - Thomas Rogers
45. _Seeking the Heart of Wisdom_ - Joseph Goldstein and Jack Kornfield
46. _The Miracle of Mindfulness_ - Thich Nhat Hanh
47. _A Registry of My Passage upon the Earth_ - Daniel Mason
